---
layout: post
title: Week 7: Git Focused Week
---

## Git Commands
I'll never forget the difficulty of recreating the git commands exacly as laid out
by the professor. Few times in my life have I found a task to be more dreadful.
Although I suppose that using rebasing in the future may be necessary. I hope 
that any company I join in the future has a well-laid out process for contributing
and hence I will be able to avoid struggling over recreating a `git log one line, etc.`
output. Github is still one of my favorite resources as a developer. Git is 
invaluable for version control, I can't imagine how stressful it must have been
in the past to accidentally ruin code. Luckily for us we have git and free online
services to back-up all our code with.

## Personal Experiences
As I have learned, suggestions in this class are not what they seem. If you
want to get a good score you must do exactly as suggested. Let's instead consider
them to be commandments.

Working with a group in these difficult times was initially stressful, as I
initially struggled to connect with the group through Zoom. Nevertheless I 
find that the group-members do not fail to be kind and understanding. Luckily
they reestablish my faith in the goodness of individuals when seperated from
authority. This stands in stark contrast to the actions of some professors who
take pride in their inflexibility and relish the opportunity to prove their intelligence 
by forcing students to complete time-consuming yet useless assignments. I also 
find that the golden rule is forgotten by these professors. For they do not 
even mention of the recent crisis nor take any compassionate actions. Interesting
how this behaviour stands in stark contrast what I imagine are the leading ideals behind open-source. 
Hopefully our group's contributions, and kindess to eachother, come much closer
to honoring the, for lack of a better word, soul of open-source.
