---
layout: post
title: Week 12: Contributing
---

## Editing Wikipedia vs. Open Source Code

I think people only get a kick out of doing something silly if they think they can do it with little effort and do not think the consequences are too grave. Which is the probable cause of falsehoods/jokes being added to Wikipedia. For instance, people may think it's fun to quickly replace the most famous celebrity of 2019 (according to Forbes) with an almost unknown street performer (already I've forgotten his name). However in this falsehood there is far more meaning than there ever could be in my correction. My curiosity was aroused when I came across this list and I could not help but investigate further. Instead of finding out that a famous person was in fact very famous, I was introduced to a little known character in our world. Someone had to take the time and effort to add them and I wouldn't be surprised if they soon switch the list back.

I was going to say that I cannot imagine someone ever editing open source code, say React JS or Linux, for the same reasons people edit Wikipedia, but I can. People edit source codes, open-source codes as well, for no other reason than to add something random. I guess one could consider all these small, yet sort of meaningful, additions to be easter eggs. The loved entities discovered by die-hard fans. Perhaps the reason many "hard-core" gamers love easter eggs is because it represents their connection with the developers behind the scenes. By adding easter eggs even developers who are parts of enormous teams confirm their existence and see the validation for their efforts.

Quite the irrelevant tangent, but any more irrelevant than the minor contributions millions make to open-source? Perhaps one day someone will read these blog posts and they will suddenly exist for a reason. A good reason? Perhaps not, but at least they allow me to state my existence.
